Question 1
 
Designing a Quality Framework 

Generation Z or Gen Z (Born between 1997 to 2022) 

Gen Z wants a resolution for their problem as quickly as possible. They are not particularly interested in building a relationship with the agent.
Gen Z are more individualistic than any other generation.
Gen Z prefers chatting with an agent to talking to them over the phone.
Gen Z are more understanding and patient of the issues faced by the agent that any other generation.


Quality Framework - Parameters

Giving Gen Z what they want - Call and Chat 

Accountability / Owning the issue - The agent needs to take ownership of the call. Always present a positive attitude and refrain from using negative statements such as ““That’s not under my control”. A sense of responsibility should be cultivated. Never stop until the issue is fixed  - 10 points

Professionalism - Always remaining professional and handling the situation appropriately even when the customer is not cooperative. - 10 points

Response Time (10 seconds) - Since Gen Z grew up in a digital age, their preferred mode of communication is chat. Getting a reply instantly will make them feel heard. If it takes the agent more than 10 seconds to give a reply, they should keep the customer informed. For a call, not leaving more than 10 seconds of dead air. - 10 points (As a fellow Zoomer, I can vow to this)

First Contact Resolution - This parameter extends to all generations. No one likes calling back multiple times to sort out an issue. The agent should have a complete understanding of how the product works to provide a solution during the first contact. However, if a solution is not possible at the moment, an ETA should be provided to the customer. - 10 points

Speaking their language - Since Gen Z are relatively young, they would not want someone to feel sorry for them. Hence empathy does not go a long way with them. Instead, sharing their frustration by saying phrases like “Oh I hate when that happens”, “I cannot live without using that” would be more relatable to them. Using some Gen Z terms would be an added advantage. - 5 points

Addressing them -  Gen Z takes their gender identities seriously. In order to avoid any conflict, address them as “them” or by their first name and not he/she. - 5 points

Identifying the trends

Histogram - Histogram lets us identify the trends of the agent's performance and is a great tool to track their performances and identify areas that need improvements.



Assumption
 AHT is not added as a parameter because Gen Z are more focused on fixing an issue than building a conversation with the agent.

Sources and References
 https://www.investopedia.com/generation-z-gen-z-definition-5218554
https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/consumer-packaged-goods/our-insights/true-gen-generation-z-and-its-implications-for-companies
https://blog.smart-tribune.com/en/generation-z-customer-experience
https://www.playvox.com/blog/metrics-to-measure-call-center-agent-productivity/
